Fix code block indentation in 4.0 Monitoring Docs (#541)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/monitoring.adoc

image::monitoring_configure_formula.png[scaledwidth=80%]

== Service Discovery

> You can enable service discovery to allow Prometheus to watch a host URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable service discovery to allow Prometheus to automatically configure monitored minions.
```
